well howdy there I don't know people
this bow again so tonight we're going to
talk about prohibition didn't work why
people wanted alcohol is that simple
there was a market for it didn't matter
what good law the government passed
didn't matter what the government said
people started making it eventually the
law was rescinded how did we address
some of the issues associated with
alcohol education a change in culture
and treatment pretty simple formula
abortion people want to prohibit
abortion doesn't matter what your moral
stance or belief on this is you know
there's a market for it somebody's going
to provide that service banning it just
makes it unsafe how do you actually deal
with it
education a change in culture and
treatment you know birth control condoms
Plan B explaining where babies come from
it's no longer the swinging 60s these
things that's what actually cuts down on
the numbers of abortions the drug war I
don't know what decade we're in now but
it is safe to say the plants have one
there's a market for it doesn't matter
how you feel about drugs some people
want them they're gonna get home how are
we actually gonna deal with it education
a change in culture and treatment it's a
pretty simple formula it's having this
conversation with somebody today who is
rapidly anti-gun as to what the
difference was and he said because he
can't grow a gun and then it clicked and
I promise this will be the last video I
make on this topic for a while but
anyway it clicked and it all came into
focus so I pulled out my phone and I
started texting other
anti-gun people I know asking them how
hard they think it is to manufacture a
firearm and you need a lot of equipment
it's the consensus 100% of my massive
sample size of four believed that it was
extremely hard to manufacture a gun so
what I want you to do is Google don't
actually go to any of the search results
unless you're familiar with laws in your
country
ludie LUT y firearm said what you will
see in the search results is a bunch of
schematics for different firearms you
know when people save the ludie they're
talking about that first one they're
talking about the fully automatic
submachine gun the interesting thing
about the wedding is that it was
designed to be made manufactured at home
with no training using only things
bought at your local hardware store
completely untraceable stuff see
seamless tubing and stuff like that it's
not hard it is certainly easier to
manufacture a ludie than it is to make
meth every redneck in the country knows
how to make one of those things if they
don't know how to make that they know
how to make a stand same basic idea just
one looks like a laser gun and these are
fully automatic weapons now let II
designed a bunch of stuff but the ludie
is is that some machine gun and when I
brought this up he said well why didn't
they have this problem in the UK Letty
was from Leeds he lived in the UK the
ludie was designed in the UK that's why
he had the criteria that he did when he
designed it they have been found weapons
of that design have been found in
Australia and those are countries that
don't have America's idiotic
culture there's a market for it people
are gonna get them how do we actually
address the problem the same thing
education explaining that a firearm is a
tool it's a tool used to kill that's it
it's not a toy stop playing with it give
it the respect it deserves you don't
walk around playing with your chainsaw
treatment we have a massive mental
health issue in this country that is
ignored it's completely ignored and then
we wonder why people lose it and start
killing people they have no coping
skills they don't understand
the issues they're facing they can't
figure out why they feel the way they do
because most times when they admit that
they do have a problem they get a
prescription drug that they don't
actually get any help with the issue and
then a change in culture and that's the
big one that is the big one we have got
to adjust the view of masculinity toxic
masculinity is literally killing us you
know it's that that idea that the gun
makes the man it doesn't and we have to
find a way to address that and you can
do it through humor you can do it any
way you want you know you want to be
funny grab you grab your favorite power
tool make a photo of you post it up like
Rambo with it and anytime you see
somebody post to one of their Rambo
photos with their plate carrier and
they're a are posters underneath remind
people that masculinity is not all
destructive there are creative aspects
to it we need to bring that back it's a
bigger problem than I think a lot of
folks realize and I think once we do
that we've hit the turning point and
then once that's out of the way we can
start focusing on the other treatments
that we need to do
we need to focus on the treatments that
will stem crime treat the causes of
crime you know poverty hopelessness a
lack of options this is why crime occurs
banning firearms will have the same
result as every other form of
prohibition in this country because at
the end of the day simply possessing a
firearm is a victimless crime the market
is still going to be there and people
are going to do whatever it takes they
can build it with the stuff from the
hardware store
they can buy one illegally and that's a
perfect example you know the National
Firearms Act effectively banned fully
automatic weapons you can still get one
if you jump through the hoops but an m16
with the military version of an ar-15
it's about twenty grand
same thing for an A K you can pick up an
illegal AEK for two thousand dollars so
what does that tell you
is there more illegal ones out there
supply and demand then there are illegal
prohibition doesn't work the market will
find a way anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night